# CS305-Software-Security 

Artemis Financial is a financial consulting company that wanted to modernize their operation, as well as implement modern and effective security. Artemis Financial has a front facing web portal and wanted to ensure that they take effective steps to protect their client data and financial information.  I did an excellent job summarizing the vulnerabilities that were present in multiple outdated libraries as well as deciding what steps needed to be taken next. The importance of coding securely, especially when working for a financial institution is that there are many costs involved with making mistakes, either from government fines, or sanctions from financial entities or simply loss of customer belief in your production. I think that working through the vulnerability report was straightforward, however when it comes to an application as outdated as this one, the sheer number of vulnerabilities got in the way of me getting into the details of why and what was going on. Increasing the levels of security was done in steps, figuring out exactly what was going on, deciding what the best approach was and then implementing the steps. As an example, hard coded passwords for the SSL keystore information were prevalent, and then I decided that setting up environmental variables would be the best way to go about setting that up to secure the application. I had a breakthrough that made understanding documentation much easier, and while I am sure it is simple for most programmers, made the job much easier for me. I think that if an employer wanted to see me highlight some work from this assignment, I believe that seeing my code base would be of immense help to show exactly how I used my knowledge to implement secure coding practices.  
